hi everyone my name is rubies and today
I bring you another episode of
Assassin's Creed the real history the
series where we compare the
representations of characters and other
elements depicted within one of the
Assassin's Creed games to their actual
history please be warned of major story
spoilers ahead for today's episode we'll
be exploring the history of the French
Canadian fur trader military officer and
Explorer Louie Josef Gautier Godiva
Conti to start we will explore his early
life during the pregame history then we
will cover his life in Assassin's Creed
rogue during the in-game history and
lastly will summarize the differences
between his actual life and his
portrayal in the game starting with a
pregame history Yuri Joseph was born on
November 9th 1717 in Lille over Quebec
to Piaf cote d'ivoire fan and Mattie and
andhe noticeably little is known of his
youth other than the fact that he
received of Basic Education when he was
older he received an additional
education in terms of mathematics and
cartography
in 1735 he traveled West a Fort Saint
shell with his father and a group of
enlisted men to join the family business
of fur trading in the following months
his older brother was killed in a
confrontation with natives who opposed
their advance meanwhile Louise Joseph
was tasked by his father to reestablish
fort milk pot which he succeeded in
doing and for which it is said his
father gave him the title of Chevalier
as a distinction for his work he then
began expanding some of the connections
the French had with certain native
tribes even helping some of them and
lessening the effects of smallpox that
had begun to spread he continued his
expedition with his father in 1738 where
the explore parts of contemporary North
Dakota eventually returning to Fort
Wayne which they had themselves
established in 1739 Louie Joseph's
father sent him on an expedition around
Lake Winnipeg with the goal of finding a
site for a fort requested by their
Currie allies his exploratory mission
was successful and he brought back what
information he had gathered in 1740 he
commanded fort st. shout during his
father's departure he spent this
following time preparing for a voyage
Southwest in mid 1740 to you Joseph
his brother and some French and native
allies departed the fort they spent many
months exploring hoping to find another
accessible path to the Pacific
they met with various native tribes
eventually finding some in the midst of
or URI Joseph spoke with the leading
faction of an alliance of tribes who
welcomed them despite only wanting
information possibly a guide however
they died violently and his men soon
joined the tribes in early 1743 as they
marched against their enemies they were
surprised to find that the opposing
tribe had fled the area and some fear
this meant a possible attack on their
homes therefore many of the native
soldiers disbanded and returned to their
villages a few months later the French
decided to leave as they had not
gathered the information they had hoped
for on their continued voyage they met
another tribe near contemporary South
Dakota and past a juncture of the
Missouri River before moving on de
Levante buried a lead plaque with an
engraving of the year along with his
name his father's name the name of the
king and of the Maquis which they served
this plaque would eventually be
discovered in 1913 proving that these
French explorers had indeed reached this
western area sixty-one years before the
Lewis and Clark expedition which were
originally thought to be the first
explorers in the area historically in
the following few months Chevalier
returned to Fort de la and with his
party stopping along the way to visit
with various native tribes
despite his over fourteen month long
voyage not bringing back the exact
results they were hoping for the
expedition did greatly increase their
geographical knowledge of the region and
improve the French influence with many
native tribes this association also
expanded their commercial network in
terms of fur and resource trading in
later 1743 de Levante father resigned
from service and was replaced as common
d'Anjou posted west by niccolò josef de
nuez de Fuca mo yirou Joseph however was
kept under his service and commanded
three posts in 1747 he followed Niccolo
Josef to New France in early 1748 you
widows have participated in a military
expedition against the opposing Mohawk
faction he then after received a
promotion from the King to the rank of
second ensign for his service and later
that year unfortunately his father
passed away at this point he spent a few
years settling his affairs and later
started a fur trading partnership with
Lib de l'homme and his brother Francois
coatsy's accompli this enterprise
continued with success despite an
ongoing bitter rivalry with Joseph
Mengele Malik who was another of the
c'mon Dom it would have been around this
general period in time historically
where we first met Louise Josef and
Assassin's Creed rogue as Shay and Liam
caught up with him after his vessel was
attacked historically in 1755
deliver Huntley returned to Montreal due
to the seven years wars outbreak where
he was stationed in a garrison position
while there he married Machiavelli
demoting me he spent most of his time
involved in military affairs and was
even made the Commandant of La Paz del
West in 1756 following the death of his
wife due to illness he remarried in 1758
to louise antoinette de mesial deliver
wash
he spent his following years moving
between military posts eventually
playing a role in gathering native
tribes to strategically defend Lake
Champlain following the capture of
Quebec in the end of the war however he
left Canada and voyaged for France with
the purpose of settling more business
matters although he had the intention of
returning to Canada it is said he died
during this trip when his vessel named
the Auguste sank off Cape Breton due to
severe winds on November 15th 1761
in summary despite only a few years of
his life being displayed in rogue it
should be considered that the game does
refer to his past in a few interesting
ways despite there being some
differences firstly it should be clear
that you Joseph was not a member of the
assassin order however it was a fitting
position for him in the game since that
was the faction associated with the
French secondly although I cannot say
definitively I was not able to locate
any record that he possessed of us on
the English fo lastly he was not killed
by the Templar shake or Mac aboard the
Shelf o in 1760 but instead died when
the ship he was on the August sank
following a storm in 1761 aside from
these minor differences however his
history and background were rather well
represented as the gaming multiple
references to his military and
exploration filled career while also
pointing out his cartographic abilities
his knowledge of trading and his
militaristic view of honor and the need
for respect in an organization with that
final factor we finished another episode
of Assassin's Creed the real history I
hope you'll enjoy this video and if you
did I highly recommend you try out one
of these asin's Creed games thank you
all for watching please leave any
suggestions for future characters and
group's events or locations from any of
the Assassin's Creed games that you like
me to cover in the comments section
below
please rate comment and subscribe and I
look forward to seeing you all in a
future historical episode it is Capitan
Louise you're safe Cochise chevalier de
la terre all dirty and you are dreaming
if you think any training could make you
into a proper assassin do you even know
what that means it means being
responsible for an ancient and proud
tradition
it means obeying your mentor without
question
how else will be in show freedom for the
human race that's pretty words Chevalier
but I don't feel too free at the moment
well then fuel educate it